# A new technology

For years already, physicians and mathematicians have been searching for new technologies that could help us know more about ourselves. Some has been searching for links between Einstein’s general relativity and the string theory to predict the future and go back in it as other were searching to find a way to show more than a thousand million triangles to a screen in real-time. And we did it. What is the purpose you may ask? Well, imagine simulating an entire city out of the box. Imagine if we could visualize your future house, neighbourhoods or even cities easily with this software, wouldn’t it be epic? Moreover, we could use this technology to create surprising environments for video games, with realtime super realistic lightnings and physics or even use it as an animation software to create very impressive movies for very low costs, compared to “old method” movies.

To date, Unreal Engine is the top one visualization software for about anything. Out of the 10 big visualizations engines, unreal has more than 44% of the votes, being the equivalent of about eleven millions, to the question “Which rendering engine(s) are you currently testing or experimenting with?” (related to architecture), with Twinmotion in second place, having 22% of the votes. It's a big thing. This wonderful piece of software doesn't stop here, it was first created to make games, which means that any clients, architects, or anyone who wants can visit the building, and move in it as if they were it their own house. Moreover, we must not forget that this program procurs super realistic lightnings, and definitions. In fact, a single chair could have more than a million triangles, and it would be fine. This is the power of this new technology. To recap, it offers a way to 'see in the futur', meaning you can see how will your house look, with a realistic environment and lightning even before we make the plans to build it.

Additionally, Unreal Engine offers a new way to create games, or at least a faster way to create video games. As I mentioned already, it comes with the possibility to use a very large amount of data (triangles) at the same time and this comes with a new way to create assets and resources for a game. In fact, we can directly use objects we found outside, and scan it. Even if the resolution is very precise, Unreal will pass through the data as if it was its favorite meal. Before this next-gen technology, we had to create many models of the same object, with less and less resolution as it is further from the camera (the point where we see the scene) and it was very slow. But now, we don't have to do it, Unreal do it for us. For this reason, it's easy to create very spectacular scenes where we can make our character move, shoot, jump, etc. In brief, Unreal's new technology makes the task easier for artists to create scenes, letting them focus on their environment rather than on the five or six model of the same tree.

In the same way, the engine can be used as an animator to create either movies, short films or even cutscenes. Many films are already being talked about, like 'The Matrix Awakens', a movie entirely made inside of unreal engine. The character's movements were filmed with special equipment and transposed in the engine, and there bodies scanned as mentionned in the previous paragraph. The difference with old technology is that we have the actual model of the comedian, and we can put it as if we were doing a video game. It offers a way to have real lightnings reflection with the environment in real time. The comedian is literally in the environment. The old way was just an image behind the comedian, which is the reason why it cost a ton of money, we had to put a lot of effort into lightning, shadows, effects, etc. To wrap it up, this technology help us produce very complicated scene in a more elegant way by dropping a model of a comedian inside the engine.

In conclusion, this software offers us great way to visualize anything: cars, houses, cities, name it. Moreover, it allows us to create video games that looks almost identically to the outside, or even make movies out of any scene we can imagine.
